npm install -g @angular/cli  



https://cli.angular.io/




Angular App important files and folders:
src folder: This folder contains the main code files.
app folder: The app folder contains app components.
app.component.css: This file contains the cascading style sheets.
app.component.html: This file contains the html file related to app component. This is the template file which is used by angular to do the data binding.
app.component.spec.ts: This file is a unit testing file related to app component. This file is used along with other unit tests. It is run from Angular CLI by the command ng test.
app.component.ts: This is the most important typescript file which includes the view logic behind the component.
app.module.ts: This is also a typescript file which includes all the dependencies for the website. This file is used to define the needed modules to be imported, the components to be declared and the main component to be bootstrapped.





Understanding your Project Anatomy:
/e2e/: This folder contains end-to-end (simulating user behavior) tests of the website.
/node_modules/: All 3rd party libraries are installed to this folder using npm install.
/src/: It contains the source code of the application. Most work will be done here.
/app/: It contains modules and components.
/assets/: It contains static assets like images, icons and styles etc.
/environments/: It contains environment (production and development) specific configuration files.
browserslist: Needed by autoprefixer for CSS support.
favicon.ico: The favicon.
index.html: The main HTML file.
karma.conf.js: The configuration file for Karma (a testing tool)
main.ts: The main starting file from where the AppModule is bootstrapped.
polyfills.ts: Polyfills needed by Angular.
styles.css: The global stylesheet file for the project.
test.ts: This is a configuration file for Karma
tsconfig.*.json: The configuration files for TypeScript.
angular.json: It contains the configurations for CLI
package.json: It contains basic information of the project (name, description and dependencies etc.)
README.md: A Markdown file that contains a description of the project.
tsconfig.json: The configuration file for TypeScript.
tslint.json: The configuration file for TSlint (a static analysis tool)






